"Why don't you introduce your friends?" says the wife.  "Or maybe you
just run across these boys yourself when you come in, heh?"

"Excuse!" I says.  "This here's Joe Leity, Abe Katz, Phil Young, Red
Dailey, Steve--"

"Never mind callin' the roll," she butts in.  "I'll let it go en masse.
I'm delighted to meet you all, and I hope you won't run away simply
because I'm here."

"Oh, no--not at all--we ain't runnin' away!" they says.

"There's no reason for you boys _runnin'_ anyways," the wife goes on,
"because the elevator is right outside now and I think the boy is
holdin' the car for you--"

They blowed!

"And now," says the wife to me, "what d'ye mean by bringin' them
plumbers up here for a union meetin', eh?"

"Don't be always knockin'!" I answers, gettin' peeved.  "Them boys is
all honest and true, even if they do look a little rough to the naked
eye.  But how is it you come back to-day when you wasn't due for a
month?"

"You're tickled to death to see me, ain't you?" she asks, pullin' the
pout that formerly helped sell the magazines.

To be level with you, I was--mad and all.

"Why, dearie!" I remarks, kissin' her.  "You know I--"

"Easy with the oil!" she cuts me off.  "Get on your hat and coat; we're
goin' right down to Grand Central Station."

"Don't you think it's liable to tire you, honey," I asks her, "runnin'
back and forth from Lakewood like this?"

"I'm not goin' to Lakewood, Stupid," she says.  "We're goin' down to
meet Alex Hanley--of course you remember him?"

I threw in the self-starter on the old brain, but there was nothin'
doin'.

"No!" I says.  "To come right out with it--I don't.  I realize though
that he must be a lu-lu when we're goin' down and meet him at the
station.  What did he do--lick Dempsey?"

"Idiot!" says the wife, callin' me by her favorite pet name.  "He's my
cousin."

Oh, boy!

We was goin' down in the elevator and I sunk in the seat with a low
moan.  In the short space since me and the wife had been wed, I had met
her father, six brothers, four nephews, three cousins and a bevy of her
uncles.  They all claimed they was pleased to meet me, though they
couldn't figure how their favorite female relative come to fall for
me--and then they folleyed that lead up with a request for everything
from a job to ten bucks.

"All right, dearie," I says, finally, "I'm game!  Believe me, though,
while your family is all aces to me on account of bein' related to you,
I often find myself wishin' that you had been an orphan!"

"I could of married a couple of millionaires!" sighs the wife.  "And to
think I turned 'em down for you!"

"If you had married a _couple_ of millionaires, you would of been
pinched!" I says.  "What d'ye think this cousin of yours will want to
start off with, from your affectionate husband?"

"Nothin'!" she tells me.  "Alex never asked a favor in his life.
Believe me, this one is different!"

"I can see that from here!" I says.  "If you claim he won't take me for
something he's different, all right.  In fact I can hardly believe he
belongs to the family at all."

"I was brought up never to brawl in the open," says the wife, "so I'm
lettin' your insults go.  This boy is fresh from the mountains of
Vermont.  He's never been to New York in his life and he's comin' here
now to make his mark."

"I'll lay you eight to five I'm the mark!" I says.

We was at the station then, so we had to practise self-denial and quit
scrappin'.  The wife explained that she had hardly got to Lakewood when
she found a telegram there from her cousin Alex sayin' that he was
comin' down for a visit.  So she beat it right back to meet him, not
wantin' the poor kid to breeze into a town like New York, all by his
lonesome.

Well, we stand in the middle of the waitin'-room like a couple of boobs
for a while, and then a guy, which I figured must be a college devil
bustin' into a new fraternity, comes gallopin' across the floor, slams
a suitcase down on my foot and throws his arms around the wife's neck.
He had on a cap which could of been used as a checker board when you
got tired of wearin' it, a suit of clothes that must of been made by a
maniac tailor and the yellowest tan shoes I ever seen in my life.  If
he had been three inches taller and an ounce thinner, you could of put
a tent around him and got a dime admission.  On his upper lip, which
was of a retirin' disposition, he had a mustache that was an outright
steal from Chaplin.

I watched him and my wife embrace as long as I could stand it and then
I tapped her on the shoulder.

"I suppose this is Alex, eh?" I says--while he looks at me for the
first time.

"You got Sherlock Holmes lookin' stupid!" admits the wife.  "Alex, meet
my lord and master."

"Howdy, cousin!" hollers Alex.  "I knowed you the minute I seen you
from them, now, big ears you got.  Y'know they went to work and printed
your picture in the Sunday papers last month on a charge of havin' won
the, now, pennant for--Well, that's neither here nor there.  I come
here to make good!  A feller with brains can always do that in these
big rube towns like New York.  Of course a baseball player don't need
no brains--you know that yourself and--"

"C'mon, Alex," butts in the wife quickly, seein' I was gettin' ready to
grab Alex by the neck.  "We'll go right up to the flat and have
something to eat.  I'll bet you haven't had a bite since you left
home--you ought to be starved by this time!"

"I'd rather see him shot, myself!" I growls, taggin' along after them,
carryin' this bird's suitcase.  If they was clothes in there, Alex must
of dressed in armor up in Vermont.  The thing was as heavy as two
dollars' worth of corn beef and cabbage.  However, I figured I'd get
back at Alex the minute he asked me for a job.  I was all set for this
bird, believe me!

"So this is New York, hey?" he pipes through his nose the minute we get
outside the station.  He stops dead in the street, gazin' up at the big
buildin's and then down at the crowds like a guy in a trance.  All he
needed was a streamer of hay in his mouth and the first seven guys that
passed would of offered to sell him the Bronx.  He gasps a couple of
times and wipes his eyes.

"Well, Alex," I says, tryin' hard not to laugh in his face, "what d'ye
think of New York?  Considerable burg, eh?"

He shakes his head kinda sad and sighs.

"I'll speak plain to you, cousin," he says.  "Of all the rube burgs I
ever seen, this here's the limit!"

I liked to fell down one of them Subway holes!

"Rube town?" I yells.  "Where d'ye get that stuff?  Are you seekin' to
kid me?"

He grabs me by the shoulders and swings me around.

"Just you look at that crowd of folks on the corner there!" he tells
me.  He points over to where half New York is bein' held up in a
traffic jam--wagons, autos, surface cars and guys usin' rubber heels as
a means of locomotion, all waitin' for the cop to say, "Go!"

"Just look at 'em!" repeats Alex, sneering at me.  "From the reports
that have reached me, this here's the town where all the brains in the
world is gathered.  There's a couple hundred of them brains on the
corner there now, I reckon, and they can't go nowheres till that
constabule gives the word!  Huh!" he snorts, turnin' away.  "All just a
lot of rubes, that's all!"

We get in a taxi and all the way up Alex kept lookin' out the window,
shakin' his head and mutterin' somethin' about Manhattan bein' a
well-advertised bunk and all the inhabitants thereof bein' hicks.  I
don't know whether he was after my goat or not, but in a few minutes he
had it.

"Listen, gentle stranger," I says, when nature could stand no more, "I
realize that New York is nothin' but a flag station and that we're all
Reubens and chew hay, but we have, amongst other things, six million
merry villagers, the biggest buildings in the world, the subway,
gunmen, cabarets, Broadway, and--well, a lot of things that you gotta
admit ain't hit dear old Vermont as yet!"

"And I most sincerely hope and trust they never will!" pipes Alex.  "We
don't need 'em!  We got good, clean mountain air, plenty of honest
green grass and--and--_neighbors_!  There's just a few things you ain't
got in New York.  Cousin Alice tells me she was here two years before
she knowed the folks in the next flat.  That shows you people is
suspicious.  You know you're rubes and you're afraid to welcome the
stranger for fear he'll sell you one of them, now, gold bricks.  I also
hear you pay five and six dollars for a seat at an entertainment.  You
so-called wise New Yorkers pays that much for tickets and then go in
and laugh your fool heads off at a scene showin' a, now, farmer bein'
stung!  Ha, ha, ha!  You--"

We was up at the flat then, and I let him rave on, tryin' not to get
peeved, so's we'd have some peace and quiet in the family.  I knew if
he kept on pannin' my town, I'd get sore and bite him or somethin'--and
then the wife wouldn't gimme no smile for a month.  Alex was a new one
on me so far, but I figured that in a couple of days he'd be tellin'
the world that New York was the greatest place on earth and people that
lived anywheres else must be nutty--the way they all do.

After supper the wife calls up a girl friend of hers so's we can make
up a little theatre party.  Me and Alex goes into the parlor for a
smoke, and I asked him how he come to be in our mongst if he already
knowed what a hick town New York was.

"I come here to make good," he tells me, "because, in my opinion, this
is the easiest place in the world to do that thing.  This town is no
different than Ann Harbor or New Haven, except that it's bigger--that's
all!  The trouble with most fellows that come here from a small town
is, they let New York get under their skin and it takes their nerve
before they get started.  Advertisin' is what has made this town what
it is to-day and nothin' else.  It's easier to make good here than it
is in a burg, because in your own town everybody knows you and now
fourflushin' will get you nothin'.  There's so many people here that a
feller can keep _some_ of 'em guessin' all the time.  All anybody needs
to get ahead here is confidence--"

"Well," I butts in, "if all a guy needs is confidence, you ought to be
a knockout!  What are you figurin' on doin' first?"

"I'll look around to-morrow," he says.  "I wanna start off with the
hardest proposition in the town right away.  Out in my town five of us
fellers formed a little club.  Each of us has swore to come to New York
one after the other and make good in six months to a year, just to show
you folks how easy it is.  For one thing, we all got our own private
little plans for winnin' out here and every one of us is goin' to go at
the proposition from a brand new angle.  I was elected to be the first
one, and that's why I'm here."

"Alex," I says, "you're an ambitious feller, and I gotta hand it to
you.  I don't doubt you'll go a long ways at that, if you don't get
pinched for speedin'.  But this stuff you're pullin' about dear old
Manhattan gets under my collar!  I hate to hear you pan the capital of
the world in that rough way of yours, and when you claim it's a simple
matter to make good here, you have gone and pulled a bone.  If it's as
soft as you say, I must of lost the combination or somethin', because
it took me thirty years to get over right here, and, at that, I ain't
causin' Rockefeller or George M. Cohan no worry!  So just to show you
that your dope is all wrong and that you're due to hit the bumps if you
play it out, I'll lay you eight to five you muff the very first thing
you try here--what d'ye say?"

He looks at me for a minute and shakes his head.

"I don't want to deprive my Cousin Alice of no luxuries," he tells me,
"or I'd snap you right up on that."
